Add disclamer in anticipation of the deprecation of this repo (#304)
meilisearch/meilisearch-aws: README.md

<p align="center">⚡ Meilisearch tools for AWS integration</p>

---------

> ⚠️ **Please note that this repository is no longer being maintained and has been deprecated. We have created this new repository [cloud-providers](https://github.com/meilisearch/cloud-providers) instead.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ **Please note that this repository is no longer being maintained and has been deprecated. AWS is still a provider we maintain integration with, and this is the new repository [cloud-providers](https://github.com/meilisearch/cloud-providers).**
```

Reviewer: I think it is important to clearly state that we still maintain a integration with AWS :)

Reviewer: Also, after merging this you can make archive this repo :)
